# VBA-Challenge
VBA HW
Benjamin Kramskoi
09/21/2020
	For the VBA homework, I used a lot of the loops that we discussed in class. I used several for loops and if, else loops. I also used formulas and conditional formatting. When I put in my code how to calculate the percent change, it did not show the percentage sign and instead had the number divided by 100. Therefore, I had to divide my value by 100, add a percentage sign, and hide that column.
	It was very useful to run my scripts first on the alphabetical testing excel sheet before running my final script on the stock data spreadsheet. It was very important to initially realize what I was setting as a double, what I was setting as a string, and what I was setting as an integer. Pseudocoding really helped me to complete this assignment.
	Figuring out which loop to use for all of my code was partially guess and check and partially reviewing class lectures to refresh my memory on which loop was best to use for what I was trying to figure out. The order of which I chose to do things had to do with how I planned out everything that I had to do. 
	After running my code, as mentioned earlier I had to divide my value for percent change by 100 and add a percentage sign, while hiding the column that my code generated for percent change. I applied conditional formatting to the percent change tab for all 3 of my years. The data shows a lot of interesting things, in particular how the total stock volume changes. It is very interesting to see how vastly different the percentage changes are for various tickers. It is very interesting to look at positive yearly change in green versus negative yearly change in red that my conditional formatting highlights. Doing this assignment really opened my eyes to all the various information that can be obtained by performing loops in VBA.
